Add definition for `Current_Row` (#9)
COMCIFS/dREL: builtins.md

| Char(integer) | Interpret the integer argument as a Unicode code point and return the corresponding character.|
|Repr(integer) | Return a base 10 string representation of the argument. No equivalent for real numbers is currently defined.|
|Is\_missing(arg) | Return true if the argument has value `missing`. This is the only way to test for `missing`.|

> |Current_Row() | Returns the index of the current row in the category. The row index is assigned by first grouping all rows based on the category key data items and then assigning sequential integers to the rows with each group having its own 0-based index sequence. The present data item must not be used in the grouping even if it defined as a category key data item. Use only to support legacy data names; do not use for new definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Current\_row(data\_name) | Return the index of the current row from the category to which the `data\_name` data item belongs to. The row index is assigned by first grouping all rows based on the category key data items and then assigning sequential integers to the rows with each group having its own 0-based index sequence. The `data_name` data item must not be used in the grouping even if it defined as a category key data item. Use only to support legacy data items; do not use for new definitions.
```

Reviewer: After thinking about this function a bit more, I came to the conclusion that we might not want to have it completely parameterless since then it becomes sensitive to the context in which it is defined (other dREL functions do not seem to behave in such a way). Maybe having the name of the item that one wants to generate the values would be a suitable approach? This dREL snippet would then look something like:

`_space_group_symop.id` = Current_Row(`_space_group_symop.id`) + 1

If this approach is not suitable, feel free to reject the change, but then we should explicitly describe what is meant by the term `present data item`.

Reviewer: Also, maybe the function should be capitalised slightly differently (`Common_name`) to match the rest of the two-word builtins, e.g. (`Unique_id`, `Is_missing`, `Drop_missing`)?

Author: Yes, agree about the naming. About the parameter, that's in general fine, as this function will really on be ever used in one place.

> |Current\_row(data\_name) | Return the index of the current row from the category to which the `data\_name` data item belongs to. The row index is assigned by first grouping all rows based on the category key data items and then assigning sequential integers to the rows with each group having its own 0-based index sequence. The `data_name` data item must not be used in the grouping even if it defined as a category key data item. Use only to support legacy data items; do not use for new definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Current\_row(data\_name) | Return the index of the current row from the category to which the `data_name` data item belongs. The row index is assigned by first grouping all rows based on the category key data items and then assigning sequential integers to the rows with each group having its own 0-based index sequence. The `data_name` data item must not be used in the grouping even if it is defined as a category key data item. Use only to support legacy data items; do not use for new definitions.
```

Reviewer: Seems that a backslash is interpreted as a literal character inside backticks.
